Lifecastor v0.5
Nov. 29, 2015


# Instructions

1. Unzip the Lifecastor.zip to a folder. The folder can be your Downloads folder.

2. Open a command line prompt and change to the unzipped directory. There will be a few files there: 
    readme.txt (this is the file you are reading)
    lifecastor (main executable application file)
    plan.properties (default plan properties)
    deterministic-plan.properties (no probabilistic behavior, good for debugging)
    release.notes

3. Rename 'lifecastor' to 'lifecastor.exe'.

4. Type 'lifecastor.exe' to run the program. Type 'lifecastor.exe -h' for help.

5. Use options like -b, -t, -v and/or -c. You can combine them too.

6. Use any text editor to edit/make your properties in any file. By default, the application uses plan.properties file. Type 'lifecastor.exe deterministic-plan.properties' to use the other enclosed properties file. Feel free to use your own properties files.

7. New feature: Try -d option to see the difference between the current run and the very last run. Note: all your run history is saved in the file named '.history.res' so that you can examine it later.

You can run endless what-ifs about your own financial life forecast.


**Hit:** Making a shortcut then editing its "Target" by opening its properties like this
	C:\Windows\System32\cmd.exe /k "C:\Users\John\Downloads\Lifecastor\lifecastor.exe -vd" & pause
can make the run option "-vd" stay with the shortcut and pause the command prompt for you.


# Disclaimer

This Lifecastor financial planning software is hypothetical in nature and intended to help you in making decisions on your financial future based on the information that you have provided and reviewed.

IMPORTANT: The projections or other information generated by Lifecastor regarding the likelihood of various investment outcomes are hypothetical in nature, do not reflect actual investment results, and are not guarantees of future results.

